♪
Hello once again,
it's me, Mr. Fellows, your
favorite College Advisor.
Today
Monty and I are very
excited to tell you all about
Step number 3.
Isn't that right Monty?
Anyways, if grants...
scholarships,
institutional awards...
Federal Work Study, and
Federal Loans
covers all your college-related
expenses, then
that's great!
You're all set.
But...
you might have additional costs
not covered by your
financial aid
and...well...that's okay.
I'll help you explore these
other financing options
with...
Steps 4 and 5...
Ah!...
Whew!...
Ahh!...
Yes!
It's working out.
Whooh!...
And...that is that!
Ahh!
And remember what I always
say...
with college comes great
knowledge.
Take care!
30,500...
30,501...
30,502...
Sign up for the CollegeSTEPS®
program
and get handy information
throughout the year.
wellsfargo.com/collegesteps